Update chef-shell docs for 2020 (#2267)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/chef_shell.rst

chef-shell determines which configuration file to load based on the following:

#. If a configuration file is specified using the ``-c`` option, chef-shell will use the specified configuration file
#. If a NAMED_CONF is given, chef-shell will load ~/.chef/NAMED_CONF/chef_shell.rb
#. If no NAMED_CONF is given chef-shell will load ~/.chef/chef_shell.rb if it exists
#. If no chef_shell.rb can be found, chef-shell falls back to load:

>       * /etc/chef/client.rb if -z option is given.

Reviewer: Pandoc is super finicky about spaces and indents when converting from rst -> markdown.

```suggestion

   * /etc/chef/client.rb if -z option is given.
```

>       * /etc/chef/solo.rb   if --solo-legacy-mode option is given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * /etc/chef/solo.rb   if --solo-legacy-mode option is given.
```

>       * .chef/config.rb     if -s option is given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * .chef/config.rb     if -s option is given.
```

>       * .chef/knife.rb      if -s option is given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * .chef/knife.rb      if -s option is given.
```

.. end_tag

Manipulating Chef Infra Server Data
=====================================================
.. tag chef_shell_manage

When chef-shell is configured to access a Chef Infra Server, chef-shell can list, show, search for and edit cookbooks, clients, nodes, roles, environments, policyfiles, and data bags.

The syntax for managing objects on the Chef Infra Server is as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

>    $ chef-shell -z named_configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   chef-shell -z named_configuration
```

> where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where:
```

> * ``named_configuration`` is an existing configuration file in ``~/.chef/named_configuration/chef_shell.rb``, such as ``production``, ``staging``, or ``test``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``named_configuration`` is an existing configuration file in ``~/.chef/named_configuration/chef_shell.rb``, such as ``production``, ``staging``, or ``test``.
```

Once in chef-shell, commands can be run against objects as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

>    $ chef (preprod) > items.command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   chef (preprod) > items.command
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Where:

```

> * ``items`` is the type of item to search for: ``cookbooks``, ``clients``, ``nodes``, ``roles``, ``environments`` or a data bag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``items`` is the type of item to search for: ``cookbooks``, ``clients``, ``nodes``, ``roles``, ``environments`` or a data bag.
```

> * ``command`` is the command: ``list``, ``show``, ``find``, or ``edit``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``command`` is the command: ``list``, ``show``, ``find``, or ``edit``.
```

> For example, to list all of the nodes in a configuration named "preprod":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to list all of the nodes in a configuration named "preprod", enter:
```

.. code-block:: bash

>    $ chef (preprod) > nodes.list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   chef (preprod) > nodes.list
```

> to return something similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which will return something similar to:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   => [node[i-f09a939b], node[i-049a936f], node[i-eaaaa581], node[i-9154b1fb],
       node[i-6a213101], node[i-c2687aa9], node[i-7abeaa11], node[i-4eb8ac25],
       node[i-9a2030f1], node[i-a06875cb], node[i-145f457f], node[i-e032398b],
       node[i-dc8c98b7], node[i-6afdf401], node[i-f49b119c], node[i-5abfab31],
       node[i-78b8ac13], node[i-d99678b3], node[i-02322269], node[i-feb4a695],
       node[i-9e2232f5], node[i-6e213105], node[i-cdde3ba7], node[i-e8bfb083],
       node[i-743c2c1f], node[i-2eaca345], node[i-aa7f74c1], node[i-72fdf419],
       node[i-140e1e7f], node[i-f9d43193], node[i-bd2dc8d7], node[i-8e7f70e5],
       node[i-78f2e213], node[i-962232fd], node[i-4c322227], node[i-922232f9],
       node[i-c02728ab], node[i-f06c7b9b]]

> The ``list`` command can take a code block, which will applied (but not saved) to each object that is returned from the server. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``list`` command can take a code block, which will applied (but not saved), to each object that is returned from the server. For example:
```

.. code-block:: bash

>    $ chef (preprod) > nodes.list {|n| puts "#{n.name}: #{n.run_list}" }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   chef (preprod) > nodes.list {|n| puts "#{n.name}: #{n.run_list}" }
```

> to return something similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will return something similar to:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   => i-f09a939b: role[lb], role[preprod], recipe[aws]
      i-049a936f: role[lb], role[preprod], recipe[aws]
      i-9154b1fb: recipe[erlang], role[base], role[couchdb], role[preprod],
      i-6a213101: role[chef], role[preprod]
      # more...

The ``show`` command can be used to display a specific node. For example:

.. code-block:: bash

>    $ chef (preprod) > load_balancer = nodes.show('i-f09a939b')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   chef (preprod) > load_balancer = nodes.show('i-f09a939b')
```

> to return something similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will return something similar to:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   => node[i-f09a939b]

> or:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or:
```

.. code-block:: bash

>    $ chef (preprod) > load_balancer.ec2.public_hostname

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   chef (preprod) > load_balancer.ec2.public_hostname
```

> to return something similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will return something similar to:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   => "ec2-111-22-333-44.compute-1.amazonaws.com"

The ``find`` command can be used to search the Chef Infra Server from the chef-shell. For example:

.. code-block:: bash

>    $ chef (preprod) > pp nodes.find(:ec2_public_hostname => 'ec2*')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   chef (preprod) > pp nodes.find(:ec2_public_hostname => 'ec2*')
```

> A code block can be used to format the results. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also format the results with a code block. For example:
```

.. code-block:: bash

>    $ chef (preprod) > pp nodes.find(:ec2_public_hostname => 'ec2*') {|n| n.ec2.ami_id } and nil

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   chef (preprod) > pp nodes.find(:ec2_public_hostname => 'ec2*') {|n| n.ec2.ami_id } and nil
```

> to return something similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will return something similar to:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   => ["ami-f8927a91",
       "ami-f8927a91",
       "ami-a89870c1",
       "ami-a89870c1",
       "ami-a89870c1",
       "ami-a89870c1",
       "ami-a89870c1"
       # and more...

Or:

.. code-block:: bash

>    $ chef (preprod) > amis = nodes.find(:ec2_public_hostname => 'ec2*') {|n| n.ec2.ami_id }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   chef (preprod) > amis = nodes.find(:ec2_public_hostname => 'ec2*') {|n| n.ec2.ami_id }
```

>    $ chef (preprod) > puts amis.uniq.sort

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   chef (preprod) > puts amis.uniq.sort
```

> to return something similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will return something similar to:
```
